hold ...-hold of
they are ... with the situation-presented
research carried ...-carry out
falling snow ..., more commonly, rain-and/or
blizzards may last for days at ... time-and/or
it's not unusual ... objects only about a meter-for
objects about a metre or ... away-so/less/two
scientists doing research in the area ... then confined-are
temperatures are higher than normal ... a blizzard-during/in/througout
... may be eight or ten such blizzards-there
making many errors ... judgement-of
attend-attention
doubt-undoubtedly, doubtless
She says that (rather)... do her homework-he would rather not
Clara (having) (from: had not seen)... the missing letter-denied having seen
Today's rehearsal (by)(from: short meeting of the cast will take place after today's rehearsal)... a short meeting of the cast-will be followed by
it will be a pleasure to take you ... sightseeing-on/for about
in spite of (have never)...-never having
note-notably
impact ... the earth-upon
they have been able to ... the forces of nature to use-put
dispel the dangerous ... the the world had no boundaries-notion
it follows ... sth-that
water and minerals are beginning to ... short-run
problem ... us all-confronting
despite all these threats there are ... signs-reassuring
the camera ... have to be held still-would
had to be still if their images ... to register properly-were
the scene was in the process of ... photographed-being
... it was important to keep the head still, a support was often provided ... the neck-as/since/because/when; for/behind
by ... fire to a strip-setting
helped ... reducing-in/by
it have the necessary amount of light, ... the smoke was unpleasant and ... was also a risk of fire-but/although; there
enabling even the ... inexperienced of photographers to produce-most/more
fly-flight
describe-descriptive
... people by appearances alone-judge
I'll try to ... up with you, organizers agreed to ... the costs, company has failed to ... its targets-meeting
in a short ... of time, it took up far too much ..., I've arranged a car parking ... for you-space
walk without the ... of a stick, is a wonderful new learning ... for use in the classroom, flights carrying ... donated by charity-aid
if (so) (from: we didnt stay  because it was very noisy) ... noise, we might have stayed longer-there had not been so much
There (fall) (from: fell last year)... number of people-was a fall in the
Mr Conrad's son is making (name)(from: is becoming quite well known) ... himself as an artist-(quite) a name for
Rosa had (great) (from: found it very difficult)... her boss to give her a pay rise-great difficulty in persuading
The man claimed not (to) (from: claimed that he had been nowhere near) ... near the factory-to have been (anywhere)