controversy ...-for
make the reader aware of ... is available-what
spoil-unspoilt
hazard-hazardous
fortunate-unfortunately (one l)
tax system will ... in a different way, before you ... this machinery, surgeon dicided to ...-operate
she bought the ... for her new curtains, he is going to Italy to get ... for his new historical novel, a waterproof ...-material
the group ... a new album, the engineer ... the safety catch before, the factory ... five percent more toxic fumes-released
your brather will ... an excellent doctor, I cant ... the meeting, what do you ... of the new manager in other department-make
On no (should) (from: it is essential that this door is kept unlocked) ... locked-account should this door be
As (concerned) (from:when it comes to punctuality) ..., Fiona really takes after her mather-far as punctuality is concerned
Working as a primary school teacher calls (deal) (from:you have to be very patient to work as a primary school teacher these days) ... these days-for a great deal of patience
prevent, it, become-prevent it from becoming OR prevent its becoming/being
... to popular belief-contrary
I have to ... long hours-put in
taking a few days off to ... his own favourite leisure activities-pursue
make sure the latest book doesn't fall behind ...-schedule
it's appeal far exceeded ... of sport or indeed any other activity-that
the popularity of the cinema at that time is ... difficult to explain-not/hardly
... these establishments-at/in
performed just like military operations, ... uniformed staff-with/having
large cinemas attracted ... very mixed audience-a
people in rural areas were ... immersed in the cinema-less
west-western
exist-existence
vary-variety
intense-intensity
leading expert in the ... of genetic, footbal ..., permission to cross the ...-field
the wall ... rather damp, he ... that it was time for him-felt
no ... in the weather this week, he is looking forward to his holiday because he needs a ..., let me have some ... for the parking meter-change
drop (past tense)-dropped
Sally was (point leave) ... the office-on the point of leaving
The repair of the bridge (scheduled) ... place this weekend-has beed scheduled to take
Please ensure that (notify) (from: if you change any of these arrangements, please be sure to let us now) ... change in these arrangements-you notify us of any
I'm going to (down) (from: eat less) ... of chocolate this year-cut down (on) the amount/quantity
We lost (time) (from: We got started on the new project immediatelly) ... on the new project-no/little (in) starting/getting started