Fernada refused to wear her sister's old dress. Fernada said that (not) ... her sister's old dress-she would not wear
There were no serious injuries only because both drivers reacted quickly. But (quick) ... drivers, there could have been some serious injuries-quick reaction of both (gdy nie szybka reakcja obu kierowcow)
If you applied now, there's a good chance they'll give you a scholarship. Were you (stand) ... a chance of getting a scholarship-to apply now, you would stand
Do you think lack of cooperation was the reason why the scheme failed? Would you (failure) ... down to lack of cooperation?-put the failure of the scheme
He's been having problems with his computer lately so it's likely he hasn't received your message.  He (well) ... received your message because of problems with his computer-might as well not have
Are you going to shy away from your responsibilities as a parent any longer. It's (faced) ... your responsibilities as a parent-high time you faced up to
I would have preferred you not to arrange anything for tonight, but I suppose it's too late to cancel now. I'd (had) ... anything for tonight, but I suppose it's too late to cancel now.-rather you hadn't arranged
I'm sure she discussed this with her deputy first. She (word) ... her deputy about this first-must have had a word with
I think you should prepare this as PowerPoint presentation, not as a written report. This (better) ... a PowerPoint presentation rather than as written report-had better be prepared as
Why did you buy so much milk? There are still two  cartoons in the fridge. You (bought) ... so much milk. There are still two cartons in the fridge.-needn't have bought
The two cousins look almost identical. You can (difference) ... between the two cousins-hardly tell the difference
There are no circumstances in which employees are allowed to smoke in the office. (under) ... employees allowed to smoke in the office.-Under not circumstances are
I wish you wouldn't talk to me as if I were a child. I wish you wouldn't (down) ...-talk down to me
The report says there have been a record number of accidents on the roads this year. There (reported) ... been a record number of accidents on the roads this year.-are reported to have
Parental controls are features that don't allow children to access certain websites. Parental controls are features (deny) ... to certain websites-that deny children access
Something should be done about petty crimes, in my opinion. In my opinion, the local authorities (crack) ... petty crimes-should crack down on
They have been building the new motorway for three years now. The new motorway (construction) for three years now.-has been under construction
The audience didn't like the performance of the young pianist very much. The young pianist is the one who (badly) ... the audience.-went down quite badly with (zostac zle przyjetym)
Whenever our car breaks down, a friend of ours fixes it for us. We (fix) ... our car whenever it breaks down.-have a friend of ours fix
Do you have to waste so much time on computer games? You could do something worthwhile for a change. I wish (stop) ... so much time on computer games and do something a little more worthwhile.-you would stop wasting
I can't remember the last time I had a day off. It feels (ages) ... I had a day off-like it's been ages since/like it was ages ago when
No one except Mark has ever beaten me at a game of scrabble. Mark (only)... beat me at a game of scrable-is the only one/person ever to
Will the authorities ever stop this ridiculous bureacratic system? Will the authorities ever (put) ... this ridiculous bureacratic system?-put an end/a stop to
You'll be a trainee for 3 months and then we'll consider employing you. We'll only consider employing you (once) ... for us for 3 months.-once you have worked/been working
Keep this and absolute secret. You are (to)... anyone about this.-absolutely not to tell (nie mow o tymi nikomu)
What is the use of me offering you advice if you won't listen? There (point) .... offering you advice if you won't listen.-is not point in me/my
"My account was badly distorted by the press", said the Prime Minister. The Prime Minister (of) ... badly distorting his account-accussed the press of
I was so worried about the interview that I didn't get much sleep but I still woke up late for it. I woke up late for my interview because (been) ... about it all night.-I had been worrying
Tom shouldn't have been punished so severely, if you ask me. Tom didn't (be) ... so severely, if you ask me.-deserve to be punished
What you are saying now contradicts what you said earlier. What you are saying now (contradiction) what you said earlier.-is in contradiction to
Why did she call me a gossip in front of everybody? I think it's time for her to apologise. It's about time she (for) ... called me a gossip in front of everybody-she apologised to me for having
Going to Spain sounds really appealing! The ideal of (appeals) ... me-going to Spain really appeals to me
"You can't borrow the car tonight", said Dad. Dad said that my (was) ... of the question-borrowing the car that night was out
I rejected the idea at first but now I accept it. I didn't like the idea at first but (come) ... to it now.-I've come round
Long ago I decided not to completely trust anything I heard or read. I (mind) ... long ago not to completely trust anything I heard or read-made up my mind
"Let's improvise and just see what happens", said Dave. Dave suggested (ear) ... and just seeing what happened.-playing it by ear (improvise)
There was no other option and I had to start work. I had no choice but (down) ... to work-to get down