It should also facilitate/simplify/make easier testing different/specific scenarios.-ulatwiac
Readability is random acts of kindness sprinkled throughout your code.-posypac (np. cukrem), zraszac
If you sprinkle your code with type annotations, mypy can type check your code and find common bugs-posypac (np. cukrem), zraszac
run them using any Python VM with basically no runtime overhead-obciazenie, narzut
Prime number sieve with generators-sito, przesiac
generate kpi on the fly-w locie, bez przygotowania
propagation delay-rozchodzenie sie, rozprzestrzenianie e, rozchodzenie e fal radiowych;
big bulk of the work-hurtowo, duza ilosc
type checking is bolted on to python-zaryglowany, sruby
I've already started bringing the idea into life and created implementation draft-wprowadzic pomysl w zycie
Of course, withing reason, but generally we should omit static/module functions, global variables and so on.-w granicach rozsadku
Of course, this flexibility comes at a price. linux-Oczywiscie, elastycznosc ma swoja cene. 
velvet soft moisture-aksamitna wilgoc
allow you to focus on the problem at hand, there need to be some trade=offs along the way-pod reka, w zasiegu reki, kompromisy
a pretty nifty ordered list-lebski, swietny, kumaty
i have more time to read this nifty book-lebski, swietny
flock of ducks-stado kaczek
we are just about to take a look at whole new model- wlasnie przyjrzymy sie nowym modelom
some ot these patterns were big time overkill-przesada, nadmiar
media overkill - natarczywosc mediow
this code is just an outline-zarys
outline the problem-opisac problem
the prevailing adaptation is model 2-dominujacy, panujacy
prevail-panowac, dominowac, zwyciezac
peanut butter-maslo orzechowe, orzech ziemny
A succession of new animal welfare measures is being introduced.-Wprowadzany jest caly szereg nowych srodkow dotyczacych dobrostanu zwierzat.
It has been a trying day in a long succession of many. Apologies.-To byc ciezki dzien, a wiele ich jeszcze czeka.
And you're prepared to recognize our legitimate succession, I take it.-Jestes przygotowany by uznac nasze prawowite nastepstwo?
at some point it ceases to exist-w pewnym momencie przestaje istniec
succession of strategies used to ...-seria (in... z rzedu)
boost revenues by increasing sales-podniesc dochody
there is no sales revenue to offset costs-nie ma przychodow ze sprzedazy ktore rownowaza koszty
Without it, our people will perish in less than one generation.-(umierac, ginac) Bez tego, nasi ludzie zginą w przeciągu następnego pokolenia.
But she may perish with the shame of having such a mother.-(umierac, ginac)Może umrze ze wstydu, że ma taka matkę?
prune empty directory chains from file list-usun puste katalogi z listy plikow, przycinac
skipping that cell was legitimate-prawowity, sluszny