About the city facilities-Today I participated within class discussion about city facilities which should be financed and improved in our city. There were plenty of topics and issues raised but two gained the biggest attention and support. I collected the "arguments for" and I would like to depict them to the local authorities.First of all, our city is lacking sports centers. There is only few gyms, playing pitches and cycling paths. We believe that this situation is unacceptable for such huge and rapidly evolving city. The truth is most of the people are white collar workers nowadays and this trend is still increasing. Sedentary work and life style affect our health and well=being. Sports centers are "must have" to keep the society healthy and productive.The latter subject raised during the discussion concerned green spaces and more specifically their shortage. Our city has only two small public gardens/parks which are placed near the suburbs. There is literally nowhere to go for a walk or to jog. All biggest western cities offer such facilities.To conclude, the described topics are the urgent needs pointed by my classmates. Please take them into account during the city investments and budget planning. As you see both described points are connected directly or indirectly with health and spending of leisure time. We strongy believe they deserve significant consideration and are the factors which could bring merely benefits.
The self=assessment report for progress meeting-I joined the Credit=Suisse company six months ago in the position of Java Developer. I asses this time as a very valuable and productive. I have learned plethora of new technical stuff and had possibility to cooperate with valuable and dedicated people.The company supports and gives opportunities for self=development through the interesting projects. The system, we develop, comprises cutting=edge technologies such as new fashionable no=relation databases, massage brokers or micro=services. Also the approach, in which we conduct the project, which is The Agile, is effective and gives the team lots of confidence and freedom regarding opting for technologies, planning and dealing with business.I must admit that work in the international environment poses great opportunities for evolving and acquiring new skills. On the other hand it requires advanced languages abilities. Oftentimes I deal with foreigners. They are developers, testers, business analysts, and clients. I am not experienced enough to fully understand and feel comfortable in the meetings because of their foreign accents. Some of them are difficult and require time to get used to. I planning to take private lessons to improve my language level. I would be grateful if could receive any financial backing regarding this. To sum up, the last 6 months have been very productive and valuable to me and I believe for the company. I would like to continue my career here and I hope it will be fruitful for both sides.
Are people becoming technological zombies? (for and against essay)-What one can be certain about is that technological boom has reached enormous velocity and it seems that nothing going to stop it. People are flooded from everywhere by new appliances and apps that facilitate they lives. Computeres are literally everywhere, from our cars' engines to handwrist watches. But was it always that way?From historial point of view, we shouldn't be so attached and used to the advanced technologies. The truth is the first computer was invented in 50s so it's not even one century. Before it people coped well and I'm sure they could still thrive perfectly fine. Great human achievents like skyscrapers, enorumous ships or even motorization appeared far before computer appearance.On the other hand technological advancements make like easier. Thanks to automatization many commodietes become relatively cheaper and affordable for everyone. The internet has nowaday leading role in almost every profession and business. It improved many domains and facets of our life.All in all, I do believe that life without new technologies is still feasible and doable but as there is no point in resigning from it, the current trends will be preserved. At some point in the future we can become so depenedent that the term "technological zombies" will become are a real threat for mankind.
Your friend is going to your city on business. He will stay for a week. Recommend him intersting places.-Hi Chris,I'm very glad that you will have a chance to visit my hometown. There hasn't been a chance for you to do it yet. Wroclaw is a big city and I'm sure, you wan't be disappointed.First of all, I recommend you our sport facilities. As you are keen swimmer, I can refer you our waterpark. It contains several professional swimpools. Additionally, it's a perfect place for relax and fun. With it awesome waterslides of amazing shapes and heights and numerous kinds of saunas you will certainly forget about all your problems and stress after work duties.Secondly, I would advice you to visit our new 5D cinama in Dominican Gallery Shopping Center. The special effects like moving chairs, wind, rain, odours during movie show make that spectator feels like they were inside the place of action. I know that you are a huge fan of horrors, similar as me, and this place often organize marathones of horrors.Next thing worth considering to visit is our famous club "24/7". It's placed in the city's market square. It's hustling and bustling place. With it's DJ, excelent music and delicious cocktails it's the best place to hang out and dance.Lastly but not least, I can recommend you sightseeing of the city itself. Beautiful antigue small streets, enorumous breathtaking churches and town square are must see places. Wroclaw also has it's own skyscraper "Sky Tower". The view from it's top is magnificent.I hope some of my suggestions will proof useful to you. Maybe on one of your free evenings you will find time to stop by my house. I would be delighted to have a chat with you.Take care,Leszek
Essay discussing two factors  which influence why many young people choose to live in cities-No doubt that nowadays majority of young adults choose to move and live in big cities. It is dictated by several reasons but two of them are the most forceful and convincing.First of all, large cities offer better education. Usually the best and most renowned universities are placed in big metropolis. For instance Wroclaw has a few of them and the most significant ones are Wroclaw University and Wroclaw University of Technology. I graduated the latter and I must admit that it gave me great underpins to my current profession which is programming.Secondly, big city equals vast job market. If you are a specialist in some norrow area it can be difficult to find a job outside huge cities as all the biggest companies decide to reside there. Large number of firms poses a great opportunities to develop your career. The companies compete to obtain the best qualified professionals and the other way round, there is also fierce competition for the best paid, most desired positions.All in all, I'm convinced that there is no better place to settle down and live than big cities. These pleces offer incredible chances for both acquaring dicent education and obtaining fascinating jobs in line with your vocation afterwards.