1. Where are you from?-I'm from Wroclaw. I've been living here for about 15 years. I moved to this city to study computer science at the Wroclaw University of Technology. After graduation I found by first job here and I decided to stay/settle down here. Before my studies, I lived with my parents in a small village nearby Legnica about 70 km from Wroclaw. I grew up there.
2. What do you do here/there?-I work as a java programmer at Credit Suisse. It's a swiss bank. I work in an international team and we develop applications that are required by the bank to its functioning. Nice aspect of this work is that it's an international company and I have contact with people from differenct countries of even continent. Why it is so good? Firstly I can improve my English on a daily basis. Secondly it's a mixture of different cultures, poins of view, styles. It's really a stimulating environment.
3. How long have you been studying English?-Well, I started in high school. Later on I continued during my studies. I continued also after graduation attending many private courses. It lasts more than 10 years.
4. What do you enjoy most about learning English?-What I enjoy the most are the possibilities it gives me in both professional and private field. I work in a international team and having a good command of english is a must have in my profession. In addition to that english it is a linga franca nowadays and practically I can apply to work almost everywhere in the world. I often get job offers from many different countries. As for private life I enjoy watching films and reading books in original versions. I use it also during holidays. Usually it is possible to communicate in english in hotels, restaurants, air ports and so on. What books do you read? The ones connected with my profession so java programming any related technologies and frameworks but also books for pleasure. For example I read first 3 books from series of Harry Potter.
5. Are you the kind of person who can do two things at once?-Yes, I think so. At my work, I'm always involved in serveral activities at the same time. I'm a team leader and I'm treated a bit as a central point of all requests, queststions and topics. A multi tasking is something I had to get used to.  Examples? I do my basic/regular work as a developer. As a team leader I organize and hosts most of the meetings within my team or between teams. I am also solution architect and I'm invited to veriety of meeting with business. I'm asked for judgement/assessment from tech point of view. How much the proposed solution is viable and how much will it cost. Sometimes it's really exhausting/exhausted after day of work multi tasking/multi threading is really power consuming.
6. How do you usually like to spend your free time?-I usually spend my free time with my little boy. He is 2,5 years old now. We play a lot in many different games like: hide and seek, game of tag, playing with toy cars. He is an automotive fan as me. We watch together sports cars or racings. We also like walking and biking together.
7. Do you use social networking sites a lot? (Why?)-I stopped using it a few years ago. I noticed it is too much time consuming and addicting. I also don't want to share my personal information in network. This data can fall into the wrong hands one day and exploited in some wicked way. Like what? Like creating fake account to make some fraud on your behalf or to hack your bank account or other system account to get some financial benefit.
8. Are you planning to do any courses in the near future?-Well. Even if I pass this exam or not I will continue studying english. I consider enrolling to a course with native speaker and get more experience in speaking and listening. Besides I will still make some notes from time to time and learn by heart new words and phrases I come across either during reading books or watching films. In December I'm also enrolled to a course connected with my job it's about Angular technology. Simplifying a bit it's a framework for creating interactive web pages in java script language.
9. If you could go anywhere in the world, where would you go? / Why?)- That's difficult question. If I could go really anywhere in the world I would choose some tropical islands. I would enjoy tropical nature and scenery. Nice 5 star hotel would also be welcomed. Why? Just for pleasure and rest. Forgeting about all the problems, resetting your mind, rethinking all the goals and priorities in life. That would be really beneficial for everybody.
10. Do you like your job?- Yes, I do. It's the kind of job you evolve and learn new stuff every day. Everyday brings something new: new technologies, new problems to solve. It evolves me in terms of technical knowledge but also evolves in let's say soft skills. I gained a lot of experience in dealing with different kinds of people. I was always an introverted person but because of this work I believe I riched a lot of managerial/leading/negotiation experience. And this aspect is also sth I cherish and enjoy at this work.
11. If you won the lottery what would you do?-I would invest this money in real estates. After that I would have steady income from rent every month and reach financial independence. I would also fullfill my dream and I buy my dreamed car. Besides that I would do exactly what I do now. I really enjoy my work and I would continue my career as a developer.
12. Do you like to give yourself targets or goals?-Yes I do. This exam is an example. For me it's like official confirmation that I achieved certain level in English. I often set up goals and deadline for them. I'm convinced that it's more efficient way than just doing your activities and hoping that sth valueable comes out of it. Each achieved goals is like milestone for me or prerequisite for the next goal.  Examples? I posses for example 6 programming certificates. Each one required from me a few months preparation. They constitute confirmation that I achieved some level in certain technologies. Without them my cv would be only list of keywords and fancy technologies that I claim I know. Problem with technologies and technical knowledge is that it often changes. It's virtually impossible to remember everything by heart for longer time, especially if you don't use something some period of time.
13. Would you enjoy preparing food for a large number of people?-I'm not a talented cook. So I would be a bit stressed if I had to prepare food for a larger group. But sure if there are invited friends and family and I would do my best. As a host I wouldn't like to disappoint anyone. I would probably ask for advice or help my wife or my mom.
14. What would your ideal job be?-My current job is ideal for me. I really enjoy it and fullfil myself in it. It's the kind of job you evelove and learn new stuff on a daily basis. A veriaty of coding languages, frameworks and technologies is almost endless and grow in rapid page. But you develop not only technically but also in terms of soft skills. As a team leader I have to manage and orchestrate (orkestrait) my team. Which is not always an easy thing. 
15. Who are you most like in your family? What do you have in common?-I think I took after my father. He is patient and reasonable person. He doesn't get annoyed easly and remains calm in stressful situations.
16. What do you enjoy doing with your friends/family?-Just meeting up and having fun over a glass of beer, go out for a drink. Most of my friends are programmers. We share the same passion so most of the topics concern this area.
17. Do you think you will still have the same friends in ten years time?-I think so. I have a few close friends. We've been together so many years and I don't see a reason it could end.
18. What places in your country would you recommend to a foreign tourist?-I would recommend Wroclaw, my hometown... Apart from interesting cities like Wroclaw, Krakow, Warsaw, we have mountains in the south and the sea in the north. So I assume that everyone can find something interesting for themselves.
19. What's your favourite means of transport? Why?-My car. It's a limousine audi a8. It's very comfortable and driving it is a pleasure. It has a powerful engine. 4.2 litre v8. It's incredibly fast. There is no problem with arriving on time or overtaking other cars.
20. What's public transport like in your country?-I haven't used it for many years but when I did it was neither pleasant nor reliable. Buses and trams were often overcrowded. It was hot and stuffy. Oftentimes they arrived too early or too late. The place were I live, it's nearby the airport. There was only one bus line. Many times, even though I was on time, the bus was already gone because it went 1 or 2 minutes ahead of time and the next one was scheduled in half an hour. At that time buses and trams didn't have separate lines so they were stuck in traffic jams as other regular cars. We also dont have a subway in Wroclaw, which I'm convinced would significantly reduce this strain. 
21. What do you find difficult about learning English?-Grammar. It's different from the Polish grammar and it's sometimes difficult to get used to it. Oftentimes when I'm stressed or tired I make simple mistakes with conditional sentences or use wrong past tense, for instanse I use past simple instead of present perfect and vice versa.
22. Do you think everyone should know at least one foreign language? Why?-Well it's not a must have but it's for sure very usuful. Especially nowadays when we have globalisation and intenational environments at work. If you are not a native english speaker and want to work at international companies you will probably have to learn in sooner or later.
23. What's your idea of perfect holiday?- Peace, quite and picturesque scenery to admire. Patrz pytanie 9.
24. If you could try something new, what would it be?-Hmm it's a diffucult question. I can say that at my work I often switch to new technologies. If you want to be up to date you have try and fiddle with cutting edge technologies on regular basis. Apart from work I would like to try martial arts like kickboxing or mma but I don't have time. I have my little boy and I prefer to spend time with him.
25. Do you prefer to go shopping on your own or with sb else?-To be honest I hate going shopping. When I have to do it, I prefer doing it with my wife. She can advice me and help me in making decision what to choose. Currently because of the lockdown I make all of my shopping via internet. It's much more convinient and quicker and the returns are free.
26. What do you like about the place where you live?-It's a place which gives you a planty of opportunities professional experience and development. Many international companies are located here. As for tourism and recreation it's also a great city.
27. Would you rather live in the countryside or in a town or city?-I come from small village and to be honest I miss a bit peace and quite. Wroclaw is large, rapidly evolving city and the noise and hustle and bustle is sth you have to get used to. I decided to settle down here because of job opportunities. But maybe when I retite I will move back to the countryside.
28. What sports do you like? Do you prefer to watch them or do?-I'm a fan of boxing and powerlifting. I fallow boxing matches on tv. I don't practice it mostly because of lack of time and I wouldn't like to get injured like having broken nose. As for powerlifting, I was a huge fan of stronman competition when Mariusz Pudzianowski was a contestant. I made a small gym at home where I can train in the evenings after work and after my son goes to sleep. 
29. What was your favourite subject at school? Is it usuful in your adult life?-I'm a programmer so it's not a suprise that I like the most informatics where I learned a basics connected with my profession. I liked also mathematics. I was always good at it. I guess these two subjects are a bit connected because both require analitical thinking.
30. Do you read magazines and newspapapers regularly?-Yes but not in paper form. I read articles and blogs on the internet. I'm trying to be up to date with what's going on in the programming world. I subscribed several websites and I get notifications when sth new pops up.
31. Do you prefer to listening to music on CD or at a live concert?-Listening to your favourite music live at a concert is always the best in my opinion and it's incomparable to listeing to music on CD. But it is not always an option. Having decent audio player or headphones can give you nice experiences too.